before an heir to the throne of bear now
I know fully enough we're in the bed our
Dino mountains here actually very good
very clever yes the Sandborn is you know
yes under one kilometre to go for Julian
ala Phillipe now is this the kilometer
that will carry him to victory tomorrow
in the 10th edition of the Amgen Tour of
California here comes the Colombian he
will go under the banner but it's the
wrong way round
he needs that sort of a gap but he needs
to be in front of the Frenchman well you
know it's Caro and Ian Boswell what's
done tastic area the American has found
something very special here to come up
and help his own teammate this is
amazing this is a he lost a little bit
of time with it is he behind Wow though
I mean we're not too far off
45 seconds if that means of ala Philippe
has got to get in 46 seconds ahead of of
Peter Sagan otherwise you'll keep yellow
which is amazing but he's not that far
off he's not 45 seconds going to be very
very closer this young man now 22 and a
half years of age Julia ala Felipa from
etics quickstep he's suffering but you
know everybody is suffering Peter Sagan
at the one kilometer to go point was 50
seconds back he's losing it but you know
equally someone can tell Peter that you
find these wings I just did
psychological okay but I'm with you and
it's rim let's not forget it's pretty
technical on the finishes I'll switch
back it's horrible pavement all to the
finish line Robert gets inked almost
crashed he was going so fast to the last
corner last time he came up here so
these guys could make some time up these
guys are completely maxed out you know
they're cross-eyed they've been going
hard for a long time now so everything
every second counts you know what you
have to think about this as a youngster
here he's going to be really dreaming
about winning this and he may well think
Christian about the victory salute on
the finish line now and victory salute
if you take your hands off the bars in
the last 40 or 50 meters you could lose
those five see it's that critical
well another kick again went up to the
snow line now I'm out Baldy but we can
still see the rider because the clouds
are blown away in the last hour as he
continues towards the summit you can see
the road suffer here from the winter
snows but we're seeing a Frenchman ride
to victory up here that's never happened
before
as he now goes round the final
switchbacks in he's got a fresh pair of
legs there let me just share a little
story with you the other day into santa
clarita all of the riders were freezing
cold Mark Cavendish was there with this
young man on the podium he was shivering
Mark Cavendish took the blanket they'd
be given to him by the organisation and
put it around the shoulders of Julian a
lafalot because he seemed a youngster
was that much colder than he was and he
was thinking forward to this time for
his teammates here's the moment of glory
now and he will take the yellow jersey
tonight with a day to go on the flat
roads around Pasadena tomorrow he will
be seen to have won this race on the top
of Mount Baldy tomorrow he can have a
few laps of honor down in Pasadena
magnificent crowd bring him home and
Julian a la Philippe is launching at the
French Renaissance at the highest level
of cycling
here he comes the final Bend before the
finish nobody behind him but he needs to
keep on going because Pete is hunting
this guy down right now
he need to go all the way through the
line to make sure that he's going to get
this yellow jersey today
well he's crossed the line the victory
salute the smile on his face said the
clock is now started I got five seconds
he needs 45 seconds
I wonder if Peter Sagan just knows how
close he is in the overall standings
areas he's at 300 meters to go Peter
Sagan
I have a 20 seconds on the clock he's
got 25 seconds to get to the finish line
he's going to you've got to produce the
final sprint in those legs you're gonna
have to kick around that corner so we
are talking two or three seconds on the
line and he comes up this is Joe
Dobrowski just ahead of Peter Sagan
that's another great ride out of Joe as
well but the battle is for yellow for
showing showing me 40 seconds I'm uh
still waiting there's a gun it is
desperately close it is about ten meters
in the line
scigirl has lost of the lead
unbelievable ride by Peter Sagar but did
you tell me a few moments ago it
wouldn't go down to the bonus prints on
the final day wow what a focus we have
to Mars coming up now second could win
this race you can he can I mean there a
time bonus is available tomorrow what a
day it's going to be what that look
Alif elite number one for sure but
you've got to salute Peter Sagar look at
him get it helped off oh my god I don't
think Pete's ever gone this deep at all
never
this is the most incredible thing and it
has to be in the tenth year of this race
oh boy Paul 10 seconds the win bonus
tomorrow and this man's back on his
ground the difference between them Phil
is not going to be much more than two or
three seconds now there are three
seconds time runs for the intermediates
Princeton 10 for the wins this man has
been mr. consistency in the Amgen Tour
of California since it started you know
what yes I think I was very very lucky
to get that little bit of information
Julianna Falak or what a start he will
take the overall lead this evening but
what I mean you couldn't as a race
organizer ask for a better finish